# CSC250
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
When considering an end user/stakeholders needs the first step is to functionally break down their points into a statement to make is easier to fully understand each need. Turning each point into a structure like "As a... I want to... So that" statement defines exactly what is implied by the end user and further adding this into a user story helps allign the users vision with the scrums vision which is the ultimate goal

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
Some important take aways from agile to help developing programs included; reducing up front cost when applicable only defiining enough to being such as the scope. Then considering uncertanties at the last responsible moment. Creating and maintaning a produt backlog is essential for developing and this is something to implement into my future development work. I though test-driven development was very interesting in the sense that developing was done after test cases were made in order to define the "success criteria" or "completeness" of code. Therefore, developing just enough code to pass the test cases would support modular development as well as keep story points lows and allows for easier maintaining. However woukld require future refactoring.
What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
I believe that core team principles include collaboration, devotion, honesty, and ethics. Collaboration is the glue that keeps agile together, methods like scrum highly depend on teams collaborating to ensure less bottle necks and clarification. Especially with the reduce documentation as opposed to plan-driven developments, members need to regulary check up as well as have the devotion to complete their work since they are not being micromanaged and are expended to be self-sufficnet and self-organizing. Leastly, being transparent such as not hiding mistakes or bottlenecks is important and honestly talking about WIP. Having Ethical coding in mind is important so that none of our work ever harms someone else even as a side effect.
